Fix Popover memory leak (#1190)
CrowdStrike/glide-core: .changeset/floppy-lies-deny.md

---
'@crowdstrike/glide-core': patch
---

> Popover now removes its document listeners when it's removed from the DOM.

Author: ```suggestion
Popover now removes its document listener when removed from the DOM.
```
